CASMCMS-9520: Improve CFS documentation about Ansible verbosity (#6294)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Change_the_Ansible_Verbosity_Logs.md

  * Adjust the `display_ok_hosts` and `display_skipped_hosts` settings in the
    Ansible configuration that the session is using. For more details, see
    [Set the `ansible.cfg` for a Session](Set_the_ansible-cfg_for_a_Session.md).

## Creating sessions with increased verbosity

When creating a CFS session using the API or CLI, there are several different parameters that
may be specified. The following table shows the appropriate argument or field to use in
order to specify the Ansible configuration, limit, or verbosity.

> If no Ansible configuration is directly specified, the session will use the
> [default Ansible configuration][ancfg].

| *Parameter*             | *CLI*                 | *API*              |
| ----------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------ |
| *Ansible configuration* | `--ansible-config`    | `ansibleConfig`    |
| *Ansible limit*         | `--ansible-limit`     | `ansibleLimit`     |
| *Ansible verbosity*     | `--ansible-verbosity` | `ansibleVerbosity` |

## Increasing verbosity for sessions that are not created directly

Not all CFS sessions are created directly by an administrator. For example:

> * A session may be created indirectly (as part of a [SAT][sat] or [IUF][iuf] operation,

Author: ```suggestion
* A session may be created indirectly (as part of a [SAT][sat] operation or a script being run,
```

  for example).
* A session may be created by the CFS batcher. For more information,
  see [Configuration Management with the CFS Batcher](Configuration_Management_with_the_CFS_Batcher.md).

In these cases, an administrator is not able to directly specify these parameters using the
method described in the previous section. However, these sessions will run using the
[default Ansible configuration][ancfg]. Any parameters specified in this Ansible
configuration will be used in these automatic or indirectly-created CFS sessions.
In particular, this is where an administrator is able to specify an Ansible verbosity
level for these sessions. For more details, see [Set the `ansible.cfg` for a Session](Set_the_ansible-cfg_for_a_Session.md).

<!--- Define the reference-style Markdown links used to improve readability -->

[ancfg]: CFS_Global_Options.md#default-ansible-configuration
[create]: #creating-sessions-with-increased-verbosity
[indirect]: #increasing-verbosity-for-sessions-that-are-not-created-directly

> [iuf]: ../../glossary.md#install-and-upgrade-framework-iuf

Author: ```suggestion
```
